Quickstart tutorial (#802)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/single-domain/install.rst

      direnv: ([/opt/homebrew/bin/direnv export zsh]) is taking a while to execute. Use CTRL-C to give up.
      direnv: loading ~/../daml/daml-app-template/.envrc.vars
      direnv: loading ~/../daml/daml-app-template/.envrc.private
      direnv: export +AR +ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD +ARTIFACTORY_USER +AS +AUTH0_DOMAIN +CC +CLASSPATH +CLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION +CLOUDSDK_CORE_PROJECT +COMPOSE_FILE +CONFIG_SHELL +CXX 
      ...
      +propagatedNativeBuildInputs +shell +shellHook +stdenv +strictDeps +system ~JAVA_HOME ~PATH ~XDG_DATA_DIRS

**Install the Daml SDK**

1. From the root directory, run the following command to install the :doc:`Daml SDK </getting-started/installation>`:

   .. code-block:: bash

      curl -sSL https://get.daml.com/ | sh -s ${DAML_SDK_RELEASE_VERSION}

   ``DAML_SDK_RELEASE_VERSION`` refers to the value in ``.envrc.vars``. Use the ``cat`` command in the terminal to find the correct release version:

   .. code-block:: bash

      cat .envrc.vars

   Find the version stored in ``export DAML_SDK_RELEASE_VERSION=``

   .. image:: images/DAML_SDK_RELEASE_VERSION.png
      :alt: Daml SDK version example

> 2. After installation, add Daml to your PATH in your shell configuration file (``.zshrc`` or ``.bashrc`` depending on your system) if it wasn't added automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After installation, add Daml to your PATH in your shell configuration file (``.zshrc`` or ``.bashrc`` depending on your system) if it was not added automatically:
```
